Update images and links (#86)
DynamoDS/DynamoPrimerNew: 11_developer_primer/8_updating_packages/1-updating-your-packages-and-dynamo-libraries-for-dynamo-2x.md

### General packaging rules: <a href="#general-packaging-rules" id="general-packaging-rules"></a>

> * Do not bundle Dynamo or Dynamo Revit .dlls with your package. These dlls will already be loaded by dynamo. If you bundle a different version than the user has loaded _(ie you distribute dynamo core 1.3 but the user is running your package on dynamo 2.0)_ mysterious runtime bugs will occur. This includes dlls like `DynamoCore.dll`, `DynamoServices.dll`, `DSCodeNodes.dll`, `ProtoGeometry.dll`

Reviewer: DSCodeNodes.dll should be DSCoreNodes.dll

Author: fixed

> * Do not bundle Dynamo or Dynamo Revit .dlls with your package. These dlls will already be loaded by dynamo. If you bundle a different version than the user has loaded _(ie you distribute Dynamo core 1.3 but the user is running your package on Dynamo 2.0)_ mysterious runtime bugs will occur. This includes dlls like `DynamoCore.dll`, `DynamoServices.dll`, `DSCodeNodes.dll`, `ProtoGeometry.dll`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Do not bundle Dynamo or Dynamo Revit .dlls with your package. These DLLs will already be loaded by Dynamo. If you bundle a different version than the user has loaded (e.g., you distribute Dynamo Core 1.3 but the user is running your package on Dynamo 2.0), mysterious runtime bugs will occur. This includes DLLs like `DynamoCore.dll`, `DynamoServices.dll`, `DSCodeNodes.dll`, `ProtoGeometry.dll`
```

Author: implemented

* Do not bundle and distribute `newtonsoft.json.net` with your package if you can avoid it. This dll will also be loaded by dynamo 2.x already. The same issue as above can occur.
* Do not bundle and distribute `CEFSharp` with your package if you can avoid it. This dll will also be loaded by Dynamo 2.x already. The same issue as above can occur.

> * In general avoid sharing dependencies with Dynamo or Revit if you need to control the version of that dependency.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* In general, avoid sharing dependencies with Dynamo or Revit if you need to control the version of that dependency.
```

Author: Implemented

### Upgrading In Depth: <a href="#upgrading-in-depth" id="upgrading-in-depth"></a>

### Custom Nodes 1.3 - > 2.0 <a href="#custom-nodes-13----20" id="custom-nodes-13----20"></a>

> [Organizing Custom Nodes in librarie.js](..\3_developing_for_dynamo\8-defining-custom-package-organisation-dynamo2.0+.md)

Reviewer: Backslash is invalid in markdown. Will this result in a broken link? My test locally worked.

Author: not sure but I have been trying to change everything to forward slash for consistency so will change this also.
